[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
You're going to hear
an incredible story
with Chris Bledsoe.
He is one of a kind.
He has a new book out
called UFO of God.
It's a story of
his UFO experience
with what he calls the
phenomenon and a divine entity
that he refers to as The Lady,
that changed his entire life.
He has been healed
several times and has
been a conduit to heal others.
Chris, welcome to Beyond Belief.
>>CHRIS BLEDSOE: Thank
you for having me, George.
>>NOORY: How are you
feeling these days?
>>BLEDSOE: I'm feeling great.
After some of the
things I've been through
with Crohn's disease
or rheumatoid,
I couldn't be in a better place.
>>NOORY: That miracles
have just cured you of.
>>BLEDSOE: Yes.
Miracles.
I was-- I was on a cane in 2019.
And if I traveled anywhere,
I was in a wheelchair.
My wife pushed me about.
And 2019 something changed.
I had an experience.
>>NOORY: They keep
changing for you.
>>BLEDSOE: And then suddenly
this whole thing went away.
And my daughters are,
like, trying to figure out
where it all went.
>>NOORY: Well, back in 2007,
this all started for you.
What happened?
>>BLEDSOE: It was January
of 2007, the 8th, which is--
>>NOORY: You
remember the exact--
>>BLEDSOE: I remember it because
it was Elvis Presley's birthday.
I'll never forget that.
>>NOORY: Thank you very much.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
I was just suffering the worst
part of my life at that time.
I had lost a business building
100 homes a year and the 9/11
World Trade Center disaster shut
the market down in Fayetteville,
and I ended up watching a
slow motion train wreck.
And five years' time
I had no money left
and I couldn't pay the interest.
So it spelled one
thing, and that
was I'm having to start
over at 46 years old.
And the Crohn's disease I had
was tremendous at that time.
It got worse.
>>NOORY: So you had all
this coming down on you?
>>BLEDSOE: All at once.
So I was sick with Crohn's,
stressed at death over this job,
trying to build these houses
and to manage the warranties.
And 400 people working and--
it took a toll on me.
And so here I am,
fast forward to '07.
I'm having to apply for
free lunches for my children
at school.
And I had no income and
unable to work sick.
>>NOORY: Ought you do
what you got to do.
>>BLEDSOE: I know.
So I was crying out
to whoever's up there.
Took my son and three
friends fishing on the river.
It was more of a
celebration for them
because they had just
finished a job out of town.
They wanted-- four months
of being on the road,
they were glad to be home.
And so I took them down
to the river to fish.
And of course, I walked
away before dark.
I told them I'd be
back just about dark.
>>NOORY: Where'd you go?
>>BLEDSOE: I walked up to
the field, a corn field,
which is we come across going
down into the river bottom.
My excuse to them was I was
going to walk up to the field
and sit and look for wildlife.
Didn't tell them what I
was really struggling.
Lord, help me, whatever.
What do I do?
>>NOORY: Were you depressed?
>>BLEDSOE: I was
very depressed, yeah.
I was--
>>NOORY: So you just
needed to get away?
>>BLEDSOE: Yes.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>BLEDSOE: And I was
talking to the sky.
And next thing I know, I walked
about a quarter of a mile away
up to this field, and there
were these two big giant balls
of fire, huge, like 40-50 round.
A two-story house.
That's how big, but round.
Huge.
And it scared me when I saw him.
It was daylight.
It was 5:15, 5:30 in
the evening in January.
Don't get dark.
About 6:00.
Sunsets about 5:30.
So the sun was behind the
trees and these things
were sitting right on the
trees, right on the top,
about 300 yards away.
So I turned to run
after watching them
for a good 10 minutes.
>>NOORY: And how far away
are you from the others?
>>BLEDSOE: I'm a quarter mile.
So I got to go downhill.
>>NOORY: Pretty good poke.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
I got to run downhill through
mud and weeds and overgrown
grass.
Just a little narrow,
two rut dirt road.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>BLEDSOE: And no flashlight.
So that was going to be a
chore to keep my feet dry.
Next thing I know I'm coming up
to the fire, and they're like,
where have you been?
I mean, what do you mean?
I was just up at the field.
You won't believe
what I just saw.
I told them that.
And they're like, man, we've
been looking you all night.
>>NOORY: Wow!
>>BLEDSOE: My son was missing.
He wasn't there with them.
I'm like, well, I
just realized that.
So I'm like, where's
Chris Junior?
They said, well, he went--
he's been gone two hours.
We went looking for you.
Two of us did while one
guy stayed at the fire.
And Chris Junior went on
foot and in the woods looking
for you.
Where I had gone earlier
that day for a little while,
I walked into the back of the
cul-de-sac, just killing time.
And so I left them
immediately looking for him.
And when I found
him, he was in shock.
He was hiding under some
real thick shrubbery.
And he was crying and he was
asking me, where have you been?
Why did you leave me, daddy?
Why did you leave me?
I said, I didn't, son.
I just walked up to the field.
I wasn't gone 20 minutes.
He said, no, you've
been going all night.
We've been looking
you all night.
>>NOORY: How long were you gone?
>>BLEDSOE: Four hours.
And I thought 20
minutes had passed.
And now my son is in shock and
he's telling me about creatures
that he had seen.
They thought they were--
what he first
thought when he saw
them were these two balls
of light, little red balls.
And he described it as--
He thought a flashlight.
Somebody was carrying
a red flashlight.
>>NOORY: These were the
same balls of light you saw?
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah, but
these were small.
He'd seen them--
>>NOORY: Like orbs?
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
He could see them way down
the path, the way I went.
He could see a good 500 yards
down that path, 400 yards.
And he saw two red
lights across the road.
Small ones.
So he runs over to
the fire to tell
the guys that he
had seen somebody
with a flashlight
crossed the road.
Red, he said.
Then he went back
to where he was.
And when he went back,
these same lights
came out of the woods,
came back out on the road
and started towards him.
And when they got
within 25 yards of him,
he began to see there were these
little beings about this high.
>>NOORY: What did
they look like?
>>BLEDSOE: They were
glowing like plasma
with red, glowing eyes,
like, about this big round.
>>NOORY: Will they look
more animal or more human?
>>BLEDSOE: More human.
Like a little child,
three or four years old.
But they were plasma,
like, glowing.
>>NOORY: Did it scare him?
>>BLEDSOE: It scared
him really bad.
In fact, that started--
if you read the
book, you'll read
about his journey
from that point
because it got hard when
I came home to tell it.
I don't have any more Crohn's
because the next day when
I got up, it was gone.
>>NOORY: Your Crohn's disease
was gone the next day?
>>BLEDSOE: Gone.
Overnight it went away.
And I'd suffered almost
18 years with it.
>>NOORY: Now, what had happened
to you during these four hours?
>>BLEDSOE: I didn't know, Geoge.
I had no clue until a
year and a half later.
I met a Harvard
trained hypnotherapist,
trained under Dr. John Mack.
The Discovery Channel
brought him and move on,
and he did a regression on me.
And he said--
>>NOORY: At your request or his?
>>BLEDSOE: Oh, at my request.
His too, but it was-- to begin
with, the first thing he did
was to unlock whatever
they did to me.
And he said, you're
going to remember it all,
but I programmed it to
be over a period of time
instead of all
coming right away.
So it just started coming back
over the years and exactly
a part of what happened.
I don't remember it all, but--
>>NOORY: Somewhere along
the line they cured you.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
Yeah, they took it away.
I was taking medicine for 17
and half years for Crohn's.
And at that point, I
never took another pill.
Then I developed
rheumatoid arthritis
and they thought maybe the
Crohn's came back as rheumatoid.
So I went through
all the testing.
I went to Chapel Hill
hospital to do testing on that
and they found out
it has no relevance.
It didn't.
It's gone and never
came back as rheumatoid.
>>NOORY: Now the people
you went fishing with,
including your son.
>>BLEDSOE: Right.
>>NOORY: They went nuts because
you were gone for four hours.
You think it's 20 minutes.
What has happened to them?
>>BLEDSOE: Well,
they got there, they
got their eyes full that night.
They--
>>NOORY: Reminds me, by the
way, of the Travis Walton case.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
>>BLEDSOE: Where he was with his
logging buddies and everything
happened to him.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
Well, this is
where it got crazy.
I led Christopher back
to the fire when I--
>>NOORY: Your son.
>>BLEDSOE: When I found him.
And they were about 40
yards from where he was.
He was in the back
of the cul-de-sac.
They were sitting
on the riverbank.
So I dragged him over to where
they were, and he's in shock.
He's saying, I want to go home.
I want to go home.
I don't want to be here.
And they were
really freaked out.
These are grown men now.
They were more my age, a
little younger than me.
But much older than
Chris Junior, was 17.
But they weren't
saying a whole lot.
They were very quiet, but they
were vocal of why I walked away.
You've been gone all night.
They couldn't compute
that I had missing time.
They thought I'd
just walked off.
And I began to tell
them about what I'd
seen at the top of the hill.
And Chris Jr. is constantly
talking about what
just happened to him.
And so they got very spooked.
And about that time, one of
the guys shout pointing up
and we look up and there's
eight or nine of the brightest
stars you ever see just
appeared and they flew out away
from each other and
they come back together.
And then three of them
landed on the ground
across the river in front of us.
>>NOORY: What would
you call them?
>>BLEDSOE: Well, they were orbs.
They looked like orbs of light.
>>NOORY: Well, we got some
video of one of these orbs.
Let's take a look.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
OK.
So I'm filming it now.
>>SPEAKER: --close.
>>BLEDSOE: It appeared over the
pond and it's going east now.
>>SPEAKER: Hold on.
Actually reading
your book right now,
but I want to tell her that.
>>BLEDSOE: He's
right over the pond.
[CHATTER]
Now are two.
Wow!
Two.
Another one just come
up beside it and lit up.
Ryan, you're not
going to believe this.
There's two together.
>>SPEAKER: And you're going
to really want to hear what--
>>BLEDSOE: Number 3,
it's got to be in there.
>>NOORY: Now, Chris, this
was from a different night
as well, right?
>>BLEDSOE: Right, right.
This is pretty much every
night that I go out now as--
>>NOORY: This assembled
a group of witnesses?
Other people come out
and see these now?
>>BLEDSOE: Yes, sir.
>>NOORY: What do they say?
>>BLEDSOE: Well,
it's changing lives.
It's really growing,
that's for sure.
I'm seeing people's lives
change completely to the better.
It's amazing.
I had 75 people
at Easter standing
on the beach at Wrightsville
Beach on a Sunday.
>>NOORY: Any
government officials?
>>BLEDSOE: That could have been.
But I have government
officials all the time.
In fact, I was with--
I was in Washington,
DC last week
with a diplomat from the NSA,
very high ranking diplomat.
She was standing beside me.
And I looked up and
this orb appeared.
And she happened to see
it right when I did.
And it put on a really big show.
>>NOORY: They're following you.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah, everywhere.
>>NOORY: What happened to the
other three fishing buddies?
>>BLEDSOE: They're still there.
They--
>>NOORY: Still friends?
>>BLEDSOE: They're
still friends.
Their children are
my children's age.
And so they caught the
same issues that we did,
and they vowed to
never talk about it
publicly again because
of what happened.
After I told it, it got really
difficult with the community
and with the religious
community, the church.
I was raised in the
church and they all
believed this stuff is
demonic, which is not.
>>NOORY: Could be religious?
>>BLEDSOE: It's more
about what it is, I think.
>>NOORY: What are elementals?
>>BLEDSOE: Elementals
are spirits
that take the form of smoke
or wind or rain, water, fire,
earth.
The elements that these
spirits can take that form.
>>NOORY: We got a
couple of pictures.
I want you to describe them
for us, if you would, Chris.
What is this?
>>BLEDSOE: That is a--
what you see in the back is
a tree, a pretty famous tree
in the book.
It's called the burning tree,
which it just spontaneously
combusted.
But after that tree
caught on fire,
weird stuff started happening.
Orbs around it all
the time, people
would come and bring
clothing for their loved ones
and place it in a tree
for the sick ones.
>>NOORY: Is that
smoke from the fire?
>>BLEDSOE: No.
That what you see
is an elemental.
And how I was able
to see it is--
>>NOORY: Looks like a person.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
Well, you see it
going toward the tree
and it wraps around the tree.
So it's-- and there should be
another one in there similar
to that.
But yeah, you can see it
winding around the tree.
You see the gifts in the tree.
That's where people--
very sick loved ones and--
>>NOORY: Why is the
tree split like that?
>>BLEDSOE: That's the
one that caught fire.
It caught on fire
from the inside out.
Just spontaneously
caught fire one night.
It was October 13 of 2013.
I walked outside
about 9:30 at night.
We had rain for two
days and my wife
was sitting with me
watching TV and I stopped.
At that time, I was
a smoker, and I said,
I'm going to go smoke.
So I paused the TV and I
walked out the back door.
We live out in
the country there.
And so the property's
really deep.
And that tree set very way back
in the back of the property.
And I saw--
>>NOORY: What
happened to your dog?
>>BLEDSOE: With the Dog was--
that was a weird one.
Grant Cameron, which--
>>NOORY: I know Grant.
>>BLEDSOE: Grant.
Yeah, investigator.
He was there and
witnessed what happened.
We were out looking at
that tree and my Labrador
was walking with us.
And when we'd stop,
she would stop.
So after he got all his photos,
we went back to the house
and I said, Grant, do
you want to stay tonight?
We'll get your clothes
because he just drove up.
And he said, yeah.
And when he turned to go toward
the house, this dog stood up,
was laying on the ground,
and suddenly there
was a hole in her neck, this
big inch and a half gaping hole
that deep and blood was
flying out of her neck.
>>NOORY: Where'd
the blood come from?
>>BLEDSOE: Come from-- how she
got cut, we don't know at all.
Have no clue.
But she had a major gash there.
>>NOORY: She OK?
>>BLEDSOE: Well, yeah.
I ran and I grabbed her.
She ran by Grant.
Grant was in front of me,
and she ran in the house
and bled all over the house,
the floor at the back door.
And I ran in and
pulled her outside
and set her on the ground.
Put my hand on her neck.
And I thought she
was going to die.
>>NOORY: Did you
have to take her
to a veterinary
hospital or anything?
>>BLEDSOE: No, I knew it.
I didn't have time.
She was bleeding so bad, I knew
she'd be dead in a few minutes.
>>NOORY: Did you patch her up?
>>BLEDSOE: Well, I just
put my hand on her neck,
and I looked up at the sky and I
said, Lord, she's going to die.
Somebody's got to help her.
And immediately she went limp.
And that's where I took that
picture or Grant did, with her.
She got still and
just laid there.
And when I picked the cloth
up, that hole was gone.
>>NOORY: The hole was gone?
>>BLEDSOE: Gone.
Disappeared.
Grant saw it.
He witnessed it.
He filmed it.
A half a dozen other people
were there watching it.
>>NOORY: Now, who is Tim Taylor?
>>BLEDSOE: Tim Taylor is a NASA.
Scientist.
He's codenamed The Dragon.
And he runs all the
launches for the government.
>>NOORY: What happened to him?
>>BLEDSOE: Well, there's
nothing really happened to him
other than I became
friends with him in 2013.
He reached out to me and came
by and he briefed my family,
all my children and my wife.
He tested me with metal.
They had--
>>NOORY: What did he
think was going on?
>>BLEDSOE: He told me--
because we were afraid.
At that time my kids were
terrified of the government
because men in black was all
over television in 2008, right?
And so move on.
We had gone to a few
meetings and they were like,
these government people,
they'll kill you.
Some of these friends that
I met were saying that.
Stay away from the men in black.
So when he drives
up to my house,
my children are
absolutely terrified.
>>NOORY: They're panicking.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
And I'm like, why are you here?
You've got all the rockets
and all the equipment
and the money,
spaceships, satellites.
Why do you need me?
He said, well, we see it,
but it has absolutely nothing
to do with us.
But we know it likes you.
So we'd like to work
with you a little bit
and figure out
what's going on here.
And so that's how it started.
And to this day,
I'm friends still
with a lot of those people.
>>NOORY: Now, there
was a boy that you
healed in Washington, DC.
Tell us about the kid
and what happened.
>>BLEDSOE: This was right
after the dog happened.
The dog was a
complete shock to me.
I had no idea that
this could be.
And Tim Taylor heard about it.
When it happened, I told him.
And he's like, man,
you may have a talent.
You need to be looking
to try to help people.
Maybe the phenomenon
gave you that, the lady.
And so he got me thinking
that and word got around
in the government
because I've been
around a lot of different
people in the government.
And I get a phone call and on
the 3rd of July, 2nd of July,
and it's this guy in
Pennsylvania and he's like,
what are you doing tomorrow?
I said, tomorrow is 4th of July.
It's Friday.
My kids are coming from college.
We're going to hang out.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>BLEDSOE: He said, there's
a young boy in DC that's very
sick, that--
they've used every option they
got to try to help this child.
>>NOORY: What was
wrong with him, Chris?
>>BLEDSOE: He was
born with something
called mitochondrial DNA
disease, meaning he couldn't
eat, couldn't digest food.
So when he tried to eat,
he'd throw it up profusely.
President Obama gave
him his make-a-wish.
He was in the White House with
him and very well thought-of
family.
And so they reached out to
me through backchannels,
flew me to DC.
I had no idea what I was doing.
Terrified.
A dog got healed.
And I didn't know how
the dog got healed.
>>NOORY: And you didn't
know you were healing?
>>BLEDSOE: No, not at all.
And here I'm asked
to go to DC in July.
This was in May when
the dog happened.
>>NOORY: To look at this kid.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah, in July.
I hadn't even tried to
exercise whatever happened.
So this is my biggest thing now.
I've got to deal with this.
So I talked all night to
the heavens, what do I do?
What do I do?
Well, anyhow, when I got
there in the afternoon--
We stayed until 1:00 in the
morning and his mom asked me
to spend the night and I'm like,
no, I've got a hotel downtown.
My driver took me
down to the hotel.
At 1:30 she called me and
she said, he's eating.
He's eating two plates
of food tonight already.
>>NOORY: Lord, it's a miracle.
>>BLEDSOE: And he had a feeding
tube and he was just 11.
>>NOORY: What did you do?
>>BLEDSOE: I just reached
out and hugged him.
I sat beside him--
>>NOORY: Did you pray?
>>BLEDSOE: Well, I did it in a--
yeah, in a meditative prayer,
asking.
>>NOORY: How was he
now and how old is he?
>>BLEDSOE: He's 20-- soon be 22.
And he's in college now at
the American University.
>>NOORY: How was he today?
>>BLEDSOE: I was
called, my wife and I,
to come up on Memorial
Day of 2023, last year,
because he was first time
going to leave from home.
He'd never been away from home
under-- his mom's a doctor,
his grandpa's a doctor.
So he was always
babied to death.
He's very sick, unable
to function as a kid.
Well, now he's going
to college and he has
applied for overseas exchange.
So he's going off to Israel
and to Sweden, Switzerland
to work for three months.
And his family was terrified.
>>NOORY: And he's eating
and everything else?
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah, but the person
that I'm connected to him with
is the guy that wrote
the foreword in my book.
His name is Jim Semivan.
Jim is director of operations,
or was, of the CIA.
So Jim calls and wants
Yvonne and I to come to DC,
or to actually his
beach house in Delaware.
And hang out and have a
cookout and be with Brandon
before he leaves for
three months overseas.
And Jim's like, we just
know he's it's good for him
to be around you.
And we want you to be
here before he goes away
for three months.
So they were all biting
their nails, as he's--
>>NOORY: Chris, in your
book you are full of God.
You talk about The Lady.
>>BLEDSOE: Right.
>>NOORY: How did
you meet The Lady
and who do you think she is?
>>BLEDSOE: Well,
that's a big question.
Who I think she is--
I go through that.
I think she's Gaia.
I think she is the--
>>NOORY: Mother Earth?
>>BLEDSOE: Mother Earth, yeah.
Holy Spirit, something--
>>NOORY: See, I think she might
be the Blessed Virgin Mary.
>>BLEDSOE: Very well could be.
Very well could be.
None of us know, but
she fits that parameter.
>>NOORY: You've seen her?
>>BLEDSOE: I've seen
her more than once.
>>NOORY: What does
she look like?
Describe her.
>>BLEDSOE: She's the
most beautiful human.
She looks human, but she glows.
She glows this
bluish white glow.
And when I see her, her
feet are not on the ground,
she's hovering.
Her feet would be this
high off the ground.
>>NOORY: When did
you first see her?
>>BLEDSOE: I saw her
on Easter of 2012.
And I'll give you the
context of the story.
When I was taken in
'07 for the four hours,
they put something
in my head that was--
I liken it to the movie Close
Encounters of the Third Kind,
where they were making
the mashed potatoes on--
>>NOORY: Oh, he was obsessed
with the mashed potato.
>>BLEDSOE: And I was obsessed--
>>NOORY: Making him the
size of the Mountain.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
And so after I was
taken, I was that way.
I was obsessed.
My wife thought,
I'm going crazy.
I was staring
outside every night
waiting for him to
come back and wondering
what happened because I
couldn't remember anything.
And so I'm healed.
I don't have Crohn's anymore.
But now my whole
life is wrecked.
My children, poor children,
I'm suffering for them
because they're coming
home from school.
And the teachers have
made fun of them.
>>NOORY: Everybody
is bullying them.
>>BLEDSOE: All for five
years this is going on.
>>NOORY: Ah.
>>BLEDSOE: My little
daughter, 10 years old,
coming home crying.
And kids-- my boys, 14 and 15.
>>NOORY: Because of
your financial woes?
>>BLEDSOE: Well, that
and because of the church
and the community
turned on us and--
>>NOORY: Because
of what happened?
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
Well, they said it was--
>>NOORY: They
didn't believe you.
>>BLEDSOE: Right.
So they came in and
tried to divide my home.
They wanted me out of the house
because I'm bringing the devil
in and around my family.
>>NOORY: My God.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah, this
is what happened.
And I'm crying out.
I was born and
raised in the church.
It was much greater.
It wasn't-- so it did no good.
And so 2012, fast
forward five years.
My daughter come home
crying the last time
and I just got angry
with that obsession.
I had to tell it.
I walked out on Easter that
night and I looked up at the sky
on Saturday night
before Easter, and I
started shouting, just mad.
I said--
>>NOORY: Mad at who?
>>BLEDSOE: Whoever they were.
They came and they healed me.
But now my life's in
worse shape than ever.
Not mine, but my kids.
I said, I'm a big boy, but
this is my children now.
And thank you for coming,
but now I'll never
speak about you again ever.
I made a vow I'll never
talk about this again.
3:00 in the morning,
I hear a voice.
Woke me out of a dead sleep and
a real deep, manly voice that
said, arise.
And next thing I know, I'm led
outside by these shadowy beings.
And this is where
I met The Lady.
She appeared
>>NOORY: Did she
ever talk to you?
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
She came out of the-- she
came at me like the wind.
That was the weirdest
thing, George, the wind.
Physical.
It wasn't-- it was
a physical thing.
>>NOORY: Now, you tell me about
this glow you say she had.
>>BLEDSOE: She was
glowing this bluish white.
>>NOORY: Like an aura?
>>BLEDSOE: Aura around her, but
it lit the floor on the ground
in about a 20 foot circle.
Around her was this
bluish lit area.
And I'm on my knees.
Probably a good 8 feet from
her at the furthest point.
I couldn't reach and touch, but
her feet were about my chin.
She's about four feet tall,
four and a half feet tall.
And she looked at me and she
said, you know why I'm here.
This is your burden
you must bear.
You got to tell what you know.
And if you do, I'll help you.
I'll help you take
videos and film us,
and I'll help you share our
presents with other people.
Before that I could
never get a picture.
Before that I could never share
with my mom who lived next door.
But after that, it
opened the floodgates.
And now that's how
everybody knows me,
because I pretty much
filmed this stuff every day.
>>NOORY: Might she have
been an extraterrestrial?
>>BLEDSOE: Possibly.
>>NOORY: If you had to decide
between The Blessed Virgin
Mary and extraterrestrial
or some other entity,
what would you say?
>>BLEDSOE: The Virgin Mary.
>>NOORY: I would agree.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
Holy Spirit.
Virgin Mary.
Gaia.
Something that cares about
humanity very much so.
Blessed.
Blessed my life.
I had a rheumatoid arthritis so
bad I was almost crippled from--
>>NOORY: My God, the things that
have happened to you, Chris.
You mentioned that
burning tree that burst
into flames on your property.
Let's take a look at some
of the video tied into that.
And then we'll have you
explain it afterwards.
>>CHRIS JR: This tree just
spontaneously combusted
in our backyard.
>>YVONNE: Burn up with--
>>CHRIS JR: This is so weird.
There's Emily coming home.
>>YVONNE: Yeah.
I told Steven to come
out here and look at it.
It had been thundering
or lightning or--
>>CHRIS JR: No.
I don't even think
it rained today.
>>BLEDSOE: Today.
How's it burning?
It's been wet.
>>CHRIS JR: We're all standing.
We've all been standing
out here looking.
Ran as fast as we could in
the backyard and the tree just
spontaneously combusted.
>>NOORY: Nobody lit that
with gasoline or anything?
>>NOORY: Back in MIT--
there were samples
taken and sent
to MIT by a young lady
named Chase Kloetzke.
If you know--
>>NOORY: I know Chase.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
Chase came out and did
the work on that tree.
They found out there was
no reason, no accelerants
or any reason.
>>NOORY: Now, had you seen The
Lady prior to this burning tree?
>>BLEDSOE: Yes.
This happened in
October of 2013.
I saw her on Easter of 2012
and then Easter of 2013
she came again.
>>NOORY: What do you think
this represented, if anything?
>>BLEDSOE: Well, I'll tell you.
The story behind it
is Dr. Diana Pasulka,
which wrote a book
called American Cosmic.
She's a religious
professor at UNC.
She was consulting on a
movie called The Conjuring,
in Wilmington.
>>NOORY: Great movie.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
The writers, Chad
and Carey Hayes.
And she said, Chris, they
want to meet you bad.
They really want to meet you.
I said, Diana, it
would take a miracle
to get me to come talk
to anybody about being
on television because of
what had happened in 2008.
You know, we did a little
Discovery Channel show
and they made me
look like a liar.
And that's what got the
whole community on me.
And it really--
everybody knew then.
>>NOORY: They turned on you.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
And so I told her, I
said, it'd take a miracle.
I said, in fact I'm going to
ask the phenomenon, The Lady.
She told me at Easter when
she came, I will be with you,
I'll help you and protect you.
>>NOORY: You still see her?
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
And so I asked her
that night for a sign.
And this was on a
Monday or Tuesday night.
Diana calls me two or
three times that week.
Are you coming to Wilmington?
I said, I haven't
got a sign yet.
So Thursday night I walk out,
my wife and I and this tree
just lit itself on fire
and I picked the phone up
while my son was
making that recording.
I'm calling Diana.
Said, tell Chad and Carey
I'll see them in the morning.
I got my sign--
>>NOORY: And that tree
is still with you, right?
>>BLEDSOE: Well, I
moved since then.
>>NOORY: Is it alive, though?
>>BLEDSOE: Last time
I was there it was.
>>NOORY: We got another video
of it, of the tree blossoming.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah, yeah.
>>NOORY: After the fire.
>>BLEDSOE: It killed it.
It looked dead to us.
It's growing.
There's limbs.
A lot of those three.
They just sprouted
out this year.
Got big and-- there's
10 to 12 feet.
All that was not
on there last year.
>>NOORY: And you
sold that property?
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah, we got
rid of that property.
I moved up to a little 15
acre piece with a pond on it
and a gate going in.
>>NOORY: A little more serene.
>>BLEDSOE: A little
more private, yeah.
>>NOORY: Why do you think this
is happening to you, Chris?
>>BLEDSOE: I wish
I knew, George.
All I know is I feel a duty
to share what's happening
with whoever wants to hear it.
I'm very cautious
about labeling this
because I think the
more we label it,
the less credibility we have.
We really don't know, right?
But what I can do is
share the patterns
and the data that
I've collected.
And hopefully one day we
can get a lot closer to what
it is we're dealing with.
>>NOORY: Does The Lady
tell you anything?
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
She told me when
she came in 2012--
2013.
She told me about an alignment.
She said when she came in
2013, the very next year,
the first year she came
2012, the next year,
2013 at Easter, two weeks
later, the dog was healed.
And then that fall,
the tree caught fire.
And from then on, that same
year, the child in Washington,
DC.
So it all started really
ramping up after she came.
She told me, she
said in 2019, when
I was at my really sickest
point with rheumatoid,
unable to hardly walk
at all, I mean, bad.
>>NOORY: My God.
>>BLEDSOE: And taking medicine
that was $25,000 a month.
>>NOORY: How much?
>>BLEDSOE: $25,000 a month.
That's what they had me on.
Anywhere from $17
to $25, according
to how many shots I was taking.
But it was very
expensive treatment.
Chemotherapy.
I was on chemo and
these biological agents.
So she came in 2019 and I
wandered my way out that night,
it was Easter, to the backyard.
The pond is-- our little
cabin sits on the pond.
I can fish off the back porch.
So I just open the door
and there's the pond.
And when I did hear, this
orb appears above me.
Flash, flash.
And it came all the
way down to the ground
and hovered over the pond.
And it came up
within 20 feet of me
and it was really
putting on a show.
And there-- her in a translucent
figure of her was there.
>>NOORY: How tall was it?
>>BLEDSOE: She was about seven
or eight foot tall the whole--
what I was seeing.
>>NOORY: With the
light and everything.
>>BLEDSOE: The light.
The orb-- what happened
was is the orb--
and I've got this on video.
I was able to share this.
When these orbs appear,
they're beings--
they're beings, sometimes
more than one in these orbs.
But when they flash,
they come out of the orb
and now the orb is inside
a translucent being
and it's jumping up
and down in its body.
So I'm looking at this.
I pulled my camera
out and I thought
I was filming this whole
thing for about eight minutes.
And when I realized
that on record,
that I never hit record,
the minute I reached up
and I'm watching her for seven,
eight minutes, when I hit
the record button, it went out.
It vanished immediately.
It knew I punched that button.
>>NOORY: It didn't
want to be recorded.
>>NOORY: No.
And then it came back on.
And so for 18 minutes longer,
I filmed her over the pond.
But she said-- she
said, troubles come.
Warn the people that trouble's
coming, to stay inside
and store up until it's over.
I had no idea what
she was talking about.
>>NOORY: What do you
think it was now?
>>BLEDSOE: It was COVID.
>>NOORY: That's what
I was going to say.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah, it was COVID.
Millions of people died from it.
She didn't tell me
that's what it was.
She just said there
was trouble coming.
But from that point forward is
when my friend in Washington
called me and said,
if you get COVID,
you're going to
be in bad trouble.
And you need to get
off all the medication.
So I quit it.
I called my doctor.
She put me on one
pill called plaquenil,
took me off all these thousands
of dollars of medication,
thinking I was going to
go downhill and get worse.
The doctors couldn't believe it.
And now when I go to the
doctor, which I go next week,
I go every three months, they
bring a whole corral of people
out there, interns and
all, and they question me.
>>NOORY: You're a
scientific study.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
Where did it go?
You know.
>>NOORY: What has become of
your brain with all of this?
>>BLEDSOE: Well,
they've been studying
that at the Monroe Institute.
>>NOORY: I know
that Institute well.
>>BLEDSOE: Probably
giving them six or eight
hours of brain scans.
>>BLEDSOE: What do they see?
>>BLEDSOE: Well,
the newer scientists
on last year's episode
of Beyond Skinwalker,
I did the eight
episode last year.
>>NOORY: Yeah, you did.
>>BLEDSOE: And they
had this helmet on me
and sitting in a chair.
And I just asked the
phenomenon to come from the sky
to the ground.
And it did.
It came out of the
sky flash flash
and came down about eight
feet off the ground,
and it passed right by us.
They filmed the whole thing.
They filmed it
with three cameras.
They've had my brain
scan at the same time.
So this is the first
time in history--
John Alexander says
this over and over.
Nobody's paying
attention, but on camera
with scientists, with the
PhDs, with 17 witnesses,
we recorded his brain in
communication with that orb
as they could tell by the
algorithms and the brainwaves
that the communication
center of my brain
was communicating with that orb.
>>NOORY: Chris, did you
ever ask yourself why you?
>>NOORY: Yeah, I've had
1,000 asked me that.
And I have no idea.
It's been-- It's not
a glorious thing.
It's been a burden more
than it has anything else.
But it's still a
wonderful thing to me.
>>NOORY: Has the Vatican
gotten involved with you?
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah,
they've investigated me.
>>NOORY: What do they say?
>>BLEDSOE: They sent
me some paintings
of angels coming out of orbs.
Three paintings they
have in the Vatican.
And all three of them are
Saint Francis of Assisi.
And it shows these angels coming
from orbs and zapping his hands,
giving him what's
called the stigmata.
And so--
>>NOORY: Which were the
marks of Christ where
he got nailed and speared?
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
And he died from it.
Saint Francis died from his
wounds about two years--
>>NOORY: Padre
Pio had them, too.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
And my hands were so bad, I
couldn't even use my hands.
>>NOORY: Did you
have the stigmata?
>>BLEDSOE: I had it so bad in
my hands that I couldn't even
touch that without screaming.
>>NOORY: You had blood
coming out of your hands?
>>BLEDSOE: No blood,
but my hands swole up.
And Doctor Pasulka and
all-- they told us--
Tim Taylor was there
at the Vatican.
They allowed him into
the Vatican archives,
and he did it in my honor.
They put a picture of me
inside the Pope's picture.
They actually placed
a picture of me
in between the books of
Galileo and Copernicus
in the Vatican libraries
there forever in the archives.
But they told me that they
didn't mean to hurt us.
But the plasma for these
orbs can harm the human body.
And they knew that
Saint Francis had what--
he said nothing more than
rheumatoid arthritis,
based on today's medical lenses.
>>NOORY: Didn't you see
the attempted assassination
of the Pope?
>>NOORY: I did.
I did.
>>NOORY: And did you warn them?
>>NOORY: I warned them.
That's the first
chapter of my book.
Pretty interesting.
That's how I met John
Alexander, by the way.
>>NOORY: Good guy.
>>BLEDSOE: I was standing
out at the burning tree
with two scientists from
Wake Forest University.
They were doing spirit
ghost hunting, right?
These scientists.
And I had no idea what this
was, what she was doing.
But she hands me
this little box that
makes a noise called a voice
ghost box or something.
It makes a static noise and
sweeps through a million
frequencies or something.
She said, you hold this.
Hooked it to a recorder.
So I'm leaning against
the burning tree.
And these two scientists
and my wife and another lady
are watching and she said, talk.
Just ask questions and
see if you get a response.
Well, I started
talking and this thing
started talking
back in a big way.
>>NOORY: Through the box?
>>BLEDSOE: Through the box.
And we got it.
We had 350 recordings that
she recorded actual clips,
and I have it on a
PowerPoint presentation.
But I said--
I don't know what I
said to get the response
for that particular
response, but it said,
Chris, the Pope is in trouble.
You've got to help him.
Me help the Pope?
How is that even--
Why is this thing even talking?
It said it three or four times.
Next thing, I called
somebody that--
that's connected to the
government, told them
what it said.
And two days later, I was in
a meeting with John Alexander
and working on remote
viewing, the Pope
because he was coming
to Philadelphia.
So he came to Washington.
He came to New York.
But his trip to Philly
is where heard that he
was going to be in danger.
And so I started remote
viewing with John's help.
And Joe McMoneagle,
he did the same.
He--
>>NOORY: Remote viewer.
>>BLEDSOE: Yep.
And we discovered
that there was going
to be an assassination attempt.
And he would be coming from
highway 70 East across the Ben
Franklin Bridge.
So they shut the whole bridge
down from the New Jersey side.
Everybody had to walk
across that long bridge.
Made them all mad, everybody.
But they shut Philadelphia
down because--
>>NOORY: You may have saved him.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
First chapter of the book.
Pretty amazing.
>>NOORY: Do you feel
personally that you're
being groomed for something?
>>BLEDSOE: I do in a
way because of the way
the phenomenon reacts at times.
Just-- it's so
interactive and around me.
Like, it's liable to appear in
here, but right between us or--
>>NOORY: That's dramatic.
>>BLEDSOE: Yeah.
>>NOORY: The name of
your book, UFO of God.
People have been
able to get it where?
>>BLEDSOE: You can get it on
Amazon or Spotify, Audible.
We have it in a hardback,
paperback, electronic,
and audible.
>>NOORY: Chris, thanks for
being on Beyond Belief.
>>BLEDSOE: Thank you
for having me, George.
It's my pleasure.
>>NOORY: Chris Bledsoe
seems to be chosen.
Why?
We don't know yet, but maybe
one day we'll find out.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[THEME MUSIC]